Excel reading and dataclasses

Alright, lets setup the project to give as the output the we want for now, we may have to adjust classes and functions. I want the final output from all three data sheets to be held into one dataclass and tabled, here is the general breakdown of the data we want:

Study Plan: This sheets hold only relevant data, so we will use it as the main sheets to crosscheck our other data to.
Spk Cd: Unit code
SSP Status: Enrolled
Enrolment Activity Start Date: Date but not time
Liability Category: this is required to be added into the report later
No other data needed from this file

We should create a data table with a list of units that meet the condition 'Enrolled' in the SSP Status Category

Unit Engagment
Curriculum Item: This should match the Spok Cd from the Study Plan data
Unit Start Date: This should match the Enrolment Activity Start Date from the study plan data
Recorded ours: this is required for later calculations, it returns a string that would look like '50.87 hours' and we will want to record it as a float instead as we do not need the 'hours' text
No other data needed from this file

Student Account: We only need this sheet to find a unit price for the enrolled units listed in the study plan. The are found in the column 'Txb Amt'
SSP Spk Cd: This should match the Spok Cd from the Study Plan data. ther may be duplicates from a student withdrawing and re-enrolling in this spreadsheet, we just want the 
Txn Amt: we just want to find one relevant instance of the unit price for later calculations, we don't care if the student has paid for the unit multiple time etc. just the original price. So we will need to find a way to get the price closest to the current date to ensure it's the most recent price point for the unit - just incase the student enrolled and withdrew from the unit in the past when the unit prices were different.

Ideally, we then create a class with this data that would look similar to the 'Study Plan' sheet except it only has the data we want. Outputting the data into a table should look something like:

| Unit Code | Unit Status | Unit Start Date | Unit Recorded Hours | Unit Price |


Financial Report:
Great. I am happy with the result of our excel_reader.py and our models seem to be working correctly too. Now, let's move onto the next section of the project - the Financial Report. This should be in a new file. We already have all the data that we need to generate the report from our WorkbookUnitSummary class. We just need to generate a text report that is formatted exaclty how we want it. The formatting can be quite complicated, so we can build it slowly. Let's start with the easy parts: